[Doc] tried to document better the setting (#220)
logstash-plugins/logstash-output-s3: docs/index.asciidoc

Set the time, in MINUTES, to close the current sub_time_section of bucket.
If you define file_size you have a number of files in consideration of the section and the current tag.
If you also define file_size you have a number of files related to the section and the current tag.

> If it's valued 0 and `rotation_strategy` is `time` or `size_and_time` then the plugin reaise a configuration error.

Reviewer: Some settings are not compatible. If `rotation_strategy` is set to `time` or
`size_and_time`, then `time_file` cannot be set to `0`.  Otherwise, the plugin
raises a configuration error.

Author: Nice, sound really better then before, just one note
Err: reaise
Corridge raise

> If it's valued 0 and `rotation_strategy` is `time` or `size_and_time` then the plugin reaise a configuration error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 If <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-rotation_strategy,`rotation_strategy`>> is set to `time` or `size_and_time`, then `time_file` cannot be set to 0. 
 Otherwise, the plugin raises a configuration error.
```

Reviewer: Since you like the wording, I put it in as a suggestion with a link back to `rotation_strategy`.  I removed the "Some settings are not compatible" part after you helped me get a better understanding.  

Please take a look at Line 376 in the original file and Line 377 in your changes.  It looks like is still in the original file, but also repeated in your changes.

Author: Thanks a lot @karenzone for the good reword, I integrated into the PR
